bls test vectors (#397)
input-output-hk/cardano-base: cardano-crypto-tests/bls12-381-test-vectors/README.md

- `[a * b]Q`

### 2- Test vectors for elliptic curve operations
Operations to be tested:
- Addition 
- Subtraction
- Scalar multiplication 
- Negation 

The scalar used in scalar multiplication:
```
0x40df499974f62e2f268cd5096b0d952073900054122ffce0a27c9d96932891a5
```

Order of the values printed on `ec_operations_test_vectors`:

- `G1_P` - random point on `G_1`
- `G1_Q` - random point on `G_1`
- `G1_ADD = G1_P + G1_Q`
- `G1_SUB = G1_P - G1_Q`
- `G1_MULL = [scalar]G1_Q`
- `G1_NEG = -G1_P`
- `G2_P` - random point on `G_2`
- `G2_Q` - random point on `G_2`
- `G2_ADD = G2_P + G2_Q`
- `G2_SUB = G2_P - G2_Q`
- `G2_MULL = [scalar]G2_Q`
- `G2_NEG = -G2_P`

### 3- Test vectors for deserialization/decompression
- Point not in curve should fail deserialisation
- Point not in group should fail deserialisation
- Point not in curve should fail decompression
- Point not in group should fail decompression

Order of the values printed on `serde_test_vectors`:
- `G1_uncomp_not_on_curve`
- `G1_comp_not_on_curve`
- `G1_comp_not_on_group`
- `G1_uncomp_not_on_group`
- `G2_uncomp_not_on_curve`
- `G2_comp_not_on_curve`
- `G2_comp_not_on_group`
- `G2_uncomp_not_on_group`

### 4- BLS Signature

> Test vectors for BLS signature, using `blst` bindings.

Reviewer: We use zkcrypto to create the vectors, but guarantee that they are valid wrt to the `blst` bindings:
```suggestion
Test vectors for BLS signature, with successful validation using [blst](https://github.com/supranational/blst).
```

The explicit usage of `aug` is not allowed in Cardano-base bindings. Therefore, before verification, they need to be appended into the message by following [hash-to-curve](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve#name-expand_message) spec.

`DST` and `msg` values used to generate test vectors:

```rust
let dst = b"BLS_SIG_BLS12381G2_XMD:SHA-256_SSWU_RO_NUL_";
let msg = b"blst is such a blast";

> let aug = b"Random value for test aug";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let aug = b"Random value for test aug. ";
```
